I love you so many people think about
climate change they think this couldn't
be that bad you know you might have
nicer hotter summers but the reality is
far from that we've seen forest fires
droughts floods melting of the ice caps
those in the poorest parts of the world
have done least to cause the climate
crisis already feeling it's sharp impact
scientists are clear that we are on
track for three to four degrees warming
the kind of planet that people are set
to inhabit if we carry on going the way
that we are is a really really
unpleasant inhospitable place where many
people will be forced into conflict over
kind of basic resources many many
species will become extinct terrible
floods lots more droughts parts of
Europe could actually become desert
there could be hundreds and hundreds of
millions of people forced to flee their
homes kind of look at the news and I
kind of see what the government announce
day in kind of day out and it's you know
it doesn't look anything like the kind
of solutions and that we need thankfully
we do actually have a small window to
make massive differences these next few
years are absolutely critical you know
we can do it and we know what the
solutions are we know that we have to
have a hundred percent clean energy as
soon as possible we know we have to move
away from fossil fuels and ban fracking
we have to have a massive expansion of
public transport it's also exciting
solutions like you know doubling tree
cover frenzied earth wanna support
people taking action across the country
in their community we can build a
movement that's so strong that we will
make sure our government takes action
there were loads of things that you can
do to get active you can write your MP
you can get involved in a climate action
group take action in your community
maybe join the protest talk to your
friends and family it's really important
that more more people understand threat
that is climate change but collectively
we have a lot of power especially if we
come together and organize we know what
the solutions are we just have to fight
for them and together we can turn this
crisis around yeah you should be shocked
I'm really shocked actually as well